# KFC-DriveThru-DiscreteEventSimulation
KFC Drive-Thru Simulation: A Java-based discrete event simulation that models the drive-thru operation of a KFC restaurant. The simulation generates a random sequence of inter-arrival times and service times using the Poisson distribution, and records the arrival, service start, service end, and departure times for each customer. The simulation also collects statistics on customer waiting times, queue lengths, and server utilization. The project uses the Apache Commons Math library for the Poisson distribution and follows object-oriented design principles.

# Thoughts and Suggestions
1. During the development of this project, I was quite confused about implementing priority queues for the line at the drive-thru. Now, realistically, if someone had a medical emergency, he/she could be served with a higher priority. But having seen all drive-thrus, at least in Pakistan, I feel like there's no way to let a customer with a special emergency be served faster due to the FIFO nature of the drive-thrus. It is a single line after all usually and even if the team at the restaurant decides to make food for the customer who came later, how exactly do they get the cars who arrived first to move out? In other words, there is no space to make to serve food to the customer with higher priorirty unless the restaurant kicks out the cars in the front (which would be hilarious). I may be thinking about this in the wrong way though but that is my thought on this. So, I simply implemented a simple queue.
Update: It is not just a simple queue. It is multiple FIFO queues. More on this in my log file.
